>> Speaker 1: Do you run into issues
withauto formatters, prettier or
anything like that, where it'll
just create white space on its own?
>> Brian Holt: It certainly would be
possible you just make sure that your
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.I
suppose in this one if, like,
we had a really long line here,
that it would make difference.
Yeah, right imagine this was long enough
that it would we would just ha That's,
I mean, valid, though, right.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, yeah,
great questions, yeah other questions?
>> Speaker 3: How would you inject a
different number for starting the counter,
the counter starts at five or
something like that
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, you would just come
in here to client, sorry, app,
rather you put five here.
Now, keep in mind, we're not keeping our
build process running the background, so
we still have to rebuild it every time.
So NPM run build.
NPM runs start my service
probably still running over here,
yeah, so then you have to
restart your server as well,
because, again,
nothing is in death mode, right?
But you can see here count 5, so if we
look over here now it's starting at 5.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I imagine, people are
probably trying to play with things like,
why isn't anything changing?
It's because you have to rebuild it first,
and then you have to run your server.
Normally, we would have dev modes and
when we get to like next and
some of those things,
we will have dev modes, but
not yet
>> Brian Holt: Other questions?
Make sense?
>> Speaker 4: I just want to make sure I
understand, is it across all files you
don't wanna have white space changes or
like where specifically?
>> Brian Holt: It's specifically
your index.html file.
>> Speaker 4: The index, okay, got you.
>> Brian Holt: No, this won't matter,
like what the only thing that it
cares about is the actual output.
The difference between what it gets back
from react on its initial render and
what it sees what the server
gave it to hydrate.
And it's just a hash, right?
So if you add more white space to a hash,
it changes the hash, right?
But,I mean, you could save this,
it doesn't care about the actual code or
anything like that, my gosh.
>> Speaker 4: And can you talk a little
bit more about the splitting side of with
the root div that you're using?
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 4: Are there cases where
you'd want to split it differently.
>> Brian Holt: Let's look at server.js so
that the question is about this piece,
particularly right here of the split.
And then we write this part,
we do the app, and then we do this part.
So let's look at the actual index.html.
This is part one that we send
to the user immediately.
Critically, the script tag is in here so
that the browser can say,
I have stuff to download right?
And so it will go and
download all that stuff.
The async and defer is important here
because it'll stop here, which means
that the user will not see anything
even though the use server side render.
So the async defer is critical for
any sort of meaningful games here.
But essentially,
you wanna get everything down to where
the app is about to be rendered to, and
then you wanna fill whatever you're
rendering out here to be here.
And then you just need to
close out the document, right?
Is there other places to split it?
I mean, it's always up until where
the app is to be rendered, right?
I suppose if you're doing
multiple islands, right?
You have some sort of like,
what's it called?
Micro front ends kind of thing.
One, good luck, right?
But two, I suppose you would render up
to the first one, you would output that,
then you would end up to the second one,
output that one, right?
He would do something of that nature.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
That's exactly what I was wondering is
just like as you sometimes you'll see
a bunch of pieces start loading.
And I was trying to understand what you
should be pulling down
before you're splitting up.
>> Brian Holt: This is broken again.
No, that's correct, yeah,
just what I said there.
Yeah, just more or less you want
to get them up to this point.
Other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, as a note
here's just going back to my notes.
Here, we did render To String,
which is just a one shot.
Hey, React give me your entire
rendering and then when you're done,
return it to me.
That's what render to string does.
So it says, like,
wait until you're totally done.
You can do render to pipe able stream
which react with its new reconciler.
I call it new, how old is it?
It's seven years old,
it's new to me, never mind.
But yeah, so with the Reconciler,
it can output like, chunks of like, hey,
I did the first part first,
I did the second.
I'll finish the nav first, and
then I'll finish the block first, and
it'll give you pieces.
And you can output those
to the user directly, so
that they're getting markup as it renders.
So Generally speaking, you would
wanna do render to pipeable stream.
In our app, render to string and
render pipeable stream, sorry,
render to string and render pipeable
stream are going to be equivalent,
this is only going to come
out in one chunk, right?
So doing it with rendered
pipeline stream is a no gain and
all it does is make the code more complex.
But I'm gonna argue probably
that if that's the case,
then you shouldn't be doing service
side rendering at all, right?
Because you need some level of complexity
for this to maybe any sort of meaningful.